Please fix the function/method provided below and provide the corrected function/method as the output.


# Buggy function source code
```python
# class declaration containing the buggy function
class YoutubeDL(object):
    """
    YoutubeDL class.
    
    YoutubeDL objects are the ones responsible of downloading the
    actual video file and writing it to disk if the user has requested
    it, among some other tasks. In most cases there should be one per
    program. As, given a video URL, the downloader doesn't know how to
    extract all the needed information, task that InfoExtractors do, it
    has to pass the URL to one of them.
    
    For this, YoutubeDL objects have a method that allows
    InfoExtractors to be registered in a given order. When it is passed
    a URL, the YoutubeDL object handles it to the first InfoExtractor it
    finds that reports being able to handle it. The InfoExtractor extracts
    all the information about the video or videos the URL refers to, and
    YoutubeDL process the extracted information, possibly using a File
    Downloader to download the video.
    
    YoutubeDL objects accept a lot of parameters. In order not to saturate
    the object constructor with arguments, it receives a dictionary of
    options instead. These options are available through the params
    attribute for the InfoExtractors to use. The YoutubeDL also
    registers itself as the downloader in charge for the InfoExtractors
    that are added to it, so this is a "mutual registration".
    
    Available options:
    
    username:          Username for authentication purposes.
    password:          Password for authentication purposes.
    videopassword:     Password for accessing a video.
    ap_mso:            Adobe Pass multiple-system operator identifier.
    ap_username:       Multiple-system operator account username.
    ap_password:       Multiple-system operator account password.
    usenetrc:          Use netrc for authentication instead.
    verbose:           Print additional info to stdout.
    quiet:             Do not print messages to stdout.
    no_warnings:       Do not print out anything for warnings.
    forceurl:          Force printing final URL.
    forcetitle:        Force printing title.
    forceid:           Force printing ID.
    forcethumbnail:    Force printing thumbnail URL.
    forcedescription:  Force printing description.
    forcefilename:     Force printing final filename.
    forceduration:     Force printing duration.
    forcejson:         Force printing info_dict as JSON.
    dump_single_json:  Force printing the info_dict of the whole playlist
                       (or video) as a single JSON line.
    simulate:          Do not download the video files.
    format:            Video format code. See options.py for more information.
    outtmpl:           Template for output names.
    restrictfilenames: Do not allow "&" and spaces in file names
    ignoreerrors:      Do not stop on download errors.
    force_generic_extractor: Force downloader to use the generic extractor
    nooverwrites:      Prevent overwriting files.
    playliststart:     Playlist item to start at.
    playlistend:       Playlist item to end at.
    playlist_items:    Specific indices of playlist to download.
    playlistreverse:   Download playlist items in reverse order.
    playlistrandom:    Download playlist items in random order.
    matchtitle:        Download only matching titles.
    rejecttitle:       Reject downloads for matching titles.
    logger:            Log messages to a logging.Logger instance.
    logtostderr:       Log messages to stderr instead of stdout.
    writedescription:  Write the video description to a .description file
    writeinfojson:     Write the video description to a .info.json file
    writeannotations:  Write the video annotations to a .annotations.xml file
    writethumbnail:    Write the thumbnail image to a file
    write_all_thumbnails:  Write all thumbnail formats to files
    writesubtitles:    Write the video subtitles to a file
    writeautomaticsub: Write the automatically generated subtitles to a file
    allsubtitles:      Downloads all the subtitles of the video
                       (requires writesubtitles or writeautomaticsub)
    listsubtitles:     Lists all available subtitles for the video
    subtitlesformat:   The format code for subtitles
    subtitleslangs:    List of languages of the subtitles to download
    keepvideo:         Keep the video file after post-processing
    daterange:         A DateRange object, download only if the upload_date is in the range.
    skip_download:     Skip the actual download of the video file
    cachedir:          Location of the cache files in the filesystem.
                       False to disable filesystem cache.
    noplaylist:        Download single video instead of a playlist if in doubt.
    age_limit:         An integer representing the user's age in years.
                       Unsuitable videos for the given age are skipped.
    min_views:         An integer representing the minimum view count the video
                       must have in order to not be skipped.
                       Videos without view count information are always
                       downloaded. None for no limit.
    max_views:         An integer representing the maximum view count.
                       Videos that are more popular than that are not
                       downloaded.
                       Videos without view count information are always
                       downloaded. None for no limit.
    download_archive:  File name of a file where all downloads are recorded.
                       Videos already present in the file are not downloaded
                       again.
    cookiefile:        File name where cookies should be read from and dumped to.
    nocheckcertificate:Do not verify SSL certificates
    prefer_insecure:   Use HTTP instead of HTTPS to retrieve information.
                       At the moment, this is only supported by YouTube.
    proxy:             URL of the proxy server to use
    geo_verification_proxy:  URL of the proxy to use for IP address verification
                       on geo-restricted sites.
    socket_timeout:    Time to wait for unresponsive hosts, in seconds
    bidi_workaround:   Work around buggy terminals without bidirectional text
                       support, using fridibi
    debug_printtraffic:Print out sent and received HTTP traffic
    include_ads:       Download ads as well
    default_search:    Prepend this string if an input url is not valid.
                       'auto' for elaborate guessing
    encoding:          Use this encoding instead of the system-specified.
    extract_flat:      Do not resolve URLs, return the immediate result.
                       Pass in 'in_playlist' to only show this behavior for
                       playlist items.
    postprocessors:    A list of dictionaries, each with an entry
                       * key:  The name of the postprocessor. See
                               youtube_dl/postprocessor/__init__.py for a list.
                       as well as any further keyword arguments for the
                       postprocessor.
    progress_hooks:    A list of functions that get called on download
                       progress, with a dictionary with the entries
                       * status: One of "downloading", "error", or "finished".
                                 Check this first and ignore unknown values.
    
                       If status is one of "downloading", or "finished", the
                       following properties may also be present:
                       * filename: The final filename (always present)
                       * tmpfilename: The filename we're currently writing to
                       * downloaded_bytes: Bytes on disk
                       * total_bytes: Size of the whole file, None if unknown
                       * total_bytes_estimate: Guess of the eventual file size,
                                               None if unavailable.
                       * elapsed: The number of seconds since download started.
                       * eta: The estimated time in seconds, None if unknown
                       * speed: The download speed in bytes/second, None if
                                unknown
                       * fragment_index: The counter of the currently
                                         downloaded video fragment.
                       * fragment_count: The number of fragments (= individual
                                         files that will be merged)
    
                       Progress hooks are guaranteed to be called at least once
                       (with status "finished") if the download is successful.
    merge_output_format: Extension to use when merging formats.
    fixup:             Automatically correct known faults of the file.
                       One of:
                       - "never": do nothing
                       - "warn": only emit a warning
                       - "detect_or_warn": check whether we can do anything
                                           about it, warn otherwise (default)
    source_address:    Client-side IP address to bind to.
    call_home:         Boolean, true iff we are allowed to contact the
                       youtube-dl servers for debugging.
    sleep_interval:    Number of seconds to sleep before each download when
                       used alone or a lower bound of a range for randomized
                       sleep before each download (minimum possible number
                       of seconds to sleep) when used along with
                       max_sleep_interval.
    max_sleep_interval:Upper bound of a range for randomized sleep before each
                       download (maximum possible number of seconds to sleep).
                       Must only be used along with sleep_interval.
                       Actual sleep time will be a random float from range
                       [sleep_interval; max_sleep_interval].
    listformats:       Print an overview of available video formats and exit.
    list_thumbnails:   Print a table of all thumbnails and exit.
    match_filter:      A function that gets called with the info_dict of
                       every video.
                       If it returns a message, the video is ignored.
                       If it returns None, the video is downloaded.
                       match_filter_func in utils.py is one example for this.
    no_color:          Do not emit color codes in output.
    geo_bypass:        Bypass geographic restriction via faking X-Forwarded-For
                       HTTP header
    geo_bypass_country:
                       Two-letter ISO 3166-2 country code that will be used for
                       explicit geographic restriction bypassing via faking
                       X-Forwarded-For HTTP header
    geo_bypass_ip_block:
                       IP range in CIDR notation that will be used similarly to
                       geo_bypass_country
    
    The following options determine which downloader is picked:
    external_downloader: Executable of the external downloader to call.
                       None or unset for standard (built-in) downloader.
    hls_prefer_native: Use the native HLS downloader instead of ffmpeg/avconv
                       if True, otherwise use ffmpeg/avconv if False, otherwise
                       use downloader suggested by extractor if None.
    
    The following parameters are not used by YoutubeDL itself, they are used by
    the downloader (see youtube_dl/downloader/common.py):
    nopart, updatetime, buffersize, ratelimit, min_filesize, max_filesize, test,
    noresizebuffer, retries, continuedl, noprogress, consoletitle,
    xattr_set_filesize, external_downloader_args, hls_use_mpegts,
    http_chunk_size.
    
    The following options are used by the post processors:
    prefer_ffmpeg:     If False, use avconv instead of ffmpeg if both are available,
                       otherwise prefer ffmpeg.
    postprocessor_args: A list of additional command-line arguments for the
                        postprocessor.
    
    The following options are used by the Youtube extractor:
    youtube_include_dash_manifest: If True (default), DASH manifests and related
                        data will be downloaded and processed by extractor.
                        You can reduce network I/O by disabling it if you don't
                        care about DASH.
    """

    # ... omitted code ...


    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def _filter(f):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass



    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def _build_format_filter(self, filter_spec):
        " Returns a function to filter the formats according to the filter_spec "
    
        OPERATORS = {
            '<': operator.lt,
            '<=': operator.le,
            '>': operator.gt,
            '>=': operator.ge,
            '=': operator.eq,
            '!=': operator.ne,
        }
        operator_rex = re.compile(r'''(?x)\s*
            (?P<key>width|height|tbr|abr|vbr|asr|filesize|filesize_approx|fps)
            \s*(?P<op>%s)(?P<none_inclusive>\s*\?)?\s*
            (?P<value>[0-9.]+(?:[kKmMgGtTpPeEzZyY]i?[Bb]?)?)
            $
            ''' % '|'.join(map(re.escape, OPERATORS.keys())))
        m = operator_rex.search(filter_spec)
        if m:
            try:
                comparison_value = int(m.group('value'))
            except ValueError:
                comparison_value = parse_filesize(m.group('value'))
                if comparison_value is None:
                    comparison_value = parse_filesize(m.group('value') + 'B')
                if comparison_value is None:
                    raise ValueError(
                        'Invalid value %r in format specification %r' % (
                            m.group('value'), filter_spec))
            op = OPERATORS[m.group('op')]
    
        if not m:
            STR_OPERATORS = {
                '=': operator.eq,
                '^=': lambda attr, value: attr.startswith(value),
                '$=': lambda attr, value: attr.endswith(value),
                '*=': lambda attr, value: value in attr,
            }
            str_operator_rex = re.compile(r'''(?x)
                \s*(?P<key>ext|acodec|vcodec|container|protocol|format_id)
                \s*(?P<negation>!\s*)?(?P<op>%s)(?P<none_inclusive>\s*\?)?
                \s*(?P<value>[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+)
                \s*$
                ''' % '|'.join(map(re.escape, STR_OPERATORS.keys())))
            m = str_operator_rex.search(filter_spec)
            if m:
                comparison_value = m.group('value')
                str_op = STR_OPERATORS[m.group('op')]
                if m.group('negation'):
                    op = lambda attr, value: not str_op
                else:
                    op = str_op
    
        if not m:
            raise ValueError('Invalid filter specification %r' % filter_spec)
    
        def _filter(f):
            actual_value = f.get(m.group('key'))
            if actual_value is None:
                return m.group('none_inclusive')
            return op(actual_value, comparison_value)
        return _filter
    
```

# Variable runtime value and type inside buggy function
## Buggy case 1
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id=abc-cba'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 17), match='format_id=abc-cba'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'abc-cba'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<built-in function eq>`, type: `builtin_function_or_method`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1a7f80>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1b2050>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1b20e0>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<built-in function eq>`, type: `builtin_function_or_method`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10e1b2200>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 2
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!=abc-cba'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 18), match='format_id!=abc-cba'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'abc-cba'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84a320>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84a170>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84a200>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84a290>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<built-in function eq>`, type: `builtin_function_or_method`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d84a440>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 3
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!=zxc-cxz'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 18), match='format_id!=zxc-cxz'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'zxc-cxz'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84f0e0>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84f290>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84f200>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84f170>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<built-in function eq>`, type: `builtin_function_or_method`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d84f7a0>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 4
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id^=abc'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 14), match='format_id^=abc'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'abc'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1b2680>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1b2680>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1b2710>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1b27a0>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1b2680>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10e1b25f0>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 5
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!^=abc'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 15), match='format_id!^=abc'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'abc'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d855c20>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d855a70>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d855b00>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d855b90>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d855a70>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d855d40>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 6
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!^=zxc'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 15), match='format_id!^=zxc'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'zxc'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84e050>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84e4d0>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84e440>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84e3b0>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d84e4d0>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d84eb00>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 7
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id$=cba'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 14), match='format_id$=cba'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'cba'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d86d4d0>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d86d440>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d86d4d0>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d86d560>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d86d4d0>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d86d5f0>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 8
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!$=cba'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 15), match='format_id!$=cba'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'cba'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8789e0>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d878830>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8788c0>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d878950>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8788c0>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d878b00>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 9
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!$=cxz'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 15), match='format_id!$=cxz'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'cxz'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d879ef0>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d879d40>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d879dd0>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d879e60>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d879dd0>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d879f80>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 10
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id*=bc-cb'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 16), match='format_id*=bc-cb'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'bc-cb'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d856a70>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d856950>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8569e0>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d856a70>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d856a70>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d856b90>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 11
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!*=bc-cb'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 17), match='format_id!*=bc-cb'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'bc-cb'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d853050>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d861e60>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d861ef0>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d861f80>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d861f80>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d853170>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 12
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!*=abc'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 15), match='format_id!*=abc'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'abc'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d87c7a0>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d87c5f0>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d87c680>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d87c710>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d87c710>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d87c830>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 13
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!*=zxc'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 15), match='format_id!*=zxc'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'zxc'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c23b0>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c2200>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c2290>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c2320>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c2320>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d8c2440>`, type: `function`

## Buggy case 14
### input parameter runtime value and type for buggy function
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!*=-'`, type: `str`

### variable runtime value and type before buggy function return
OPERATORS, value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 13), match='format_id!*=-'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, value: `'-'`, type: `str`

op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c3050>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c4e60>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c4ef0>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c4f80>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d8c4f80>`, type: `function`

_filter, value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d8c3170>`, type: `function`



# Expected variable value and type in tests
## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
filter_spec, value: `'format_id=abc-cba'`, type: `str`

### Expected variable value and type before function return
OPERATORS, expected value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, expected value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, expected value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 17), match='format_id=abc-cba'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, expected value: `'abc-cba'`, type: `str`

op, expected value: `<built-in function eq>`, type: `builtin_function_or_method`

STR_OPERATORS, expected value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1dbef0>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1dbf80>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10e1ea050>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, expected value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, expected value: `<built-in function eq>`, type: `builtin_function_or_method`

_filter, expected value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10e1ea170>`, type: `function`

## Expected case 2
### Input parameter value and type
filter_spec, value: `'format_id!=abc-cba'`, type: `str`

### Expected variable value and type before function return
OPERATORS, expected value: `{'<': <built-in function lt>, '<=': <built-in function le>, '>': <built-in function gt>, '>=': <built-in function ge>, '=': <built-in function eq>, '!=': <built-in function ne>}`, type: `dict`

operator_rex, expected value: `re.compile('(?x)\\s*\n            (?P<key>width`, type: `Pattern`

m, expected value: `<re.Match object; span=(0, 18), match='format_id!=abc-cba'>`, type: `Match`

comparison_value, expected value: `'abc-cba'`, type: `str`

op, expected value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d87d290>`, type: `function`

STR_OPERATORS, expected value: `{'=': <built-in function eq>, '^=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d87d0e0>, '$=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d87d170>, '*=': <function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>.<lambda> at 0x10d87d200>}`, type: `dict`

str_operator_rex, expected value: `re.compile('(?x)\n                \\s*(?P<key>ext`, type: `Pattern`

str_op, expected value: `<built-in function eq>`, type: `builtin_function_or_method`

_filter, expected value: `<function YoutubeDL._build_format_filter.<locals>._filter at 0x10d87d3b0>`, type: `function`






# A GitHub issue title for this bug
```text
Format selection broken
```

## The associated detailed issue description
```text
Please follow the guide below
You will be asked some questions and requested to provide some information, please read them carefully and answer honestly
Put an x into all the boxes [ ] relevant to your issue (like this: [x])
Use the Preview tab to see what your issue will actually look like
Make sure you are using the latest version: run youtube-dl --version and ensure your version is 2019.01.23. If it's not, read this FAQ entry and update. Issues with outdated version will be rejected.
 I've verified and I assure that I'm running youtube-dl 2019.01.23
Before submitting an issue make sure you have:
 At least skimmed through the README, most notably the FAQ and BUGS sections
 Searched the bugtracker for similar issues including closed ones
 Checked that provided video/audio/playlist URLs (if any) are alive and playable in a browser
What is the purpose of your issue?
 Bug report (encountered problems with youtube-dl)
 Site support request (request for adding support for a new site)
 Feature request (request for a new functionality)
 Question
 Other
The following sections concretize particular purposed issues, you can erase any section (the contents between triple ---) not applicable to your issue
If the purpose of this issue is a bug report, site support request or you are not completely sure provide the full verbose output as follows:
Add the -v flag to your command line you run youtube-dl with (youtube-dl -v <your command line>), copy the whole output and insert it here. It should look similar to one below (replace it with your log inserted between triple ```



# Instructions

1. Analyze the test case and its relationship with the error message, if applicable.
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Explain the reasons behind the occurrence of the bug.
4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function.